[melodic whistling]
[smacking]
[exhaling deeply]
thump.
both: WHOA.
- ♪ HERE WE GO 'CAUSE WE'RE
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ A LITTLE CUCKOO,
♪ WE'RE AMAZING,
TOTALLY CRAZY ♪
♪ FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY, SING ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ WE DON'T CARE IF YOU STARE ♪
♪ OR EVEN
LOOK AT OUR UNDERWEAR ♪
both: ♪ BRAIN ♪
♪ FREEZE ♪
♪ OOH ♪
♪ BRAIN FREEZE. ♪
- ♪ BUH-BUH, BAH,
BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH-BAH,
BUH, BAH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH-BAH,
BUH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ COME AND SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS ♪
♪ COME AND FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH,
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
both: OH.
- THAT'S NICE.
[quirky music]
♪ ♪
- WHAT TIME IS IT?
- IT'S 7:00, AND TODAY IS...
- PRANK DAY.
together: PRANK DAY.
- THE MOST PRANKTACULAR,
PRANKILICIOUS, PRANKTASTIC DAY
OF THE WHOLE PRANKING YEAR.
- SURPRISE.
- YEAH.
HAPPY PRANK DAY, FANBOY.
[crashing]
- [laughs]
GOOD ONE, CHUM CHUM.
HAPPY PRANK DAY TO YOU TOO.
[continued crashing
and laughing]
- [roaring]
- [screaming]
[suction noises]
- GOOD ONE.
- WHOO-HOO!
- WAHOO!
MAMA!
- [screaming]
[laughs]
THAT WAS SOME FINE PRANKIN',
CHUM CHUM.
NOW THE REAL PRANK MEAL
AWAITS US AT SCHOOL.
[school bell rings]
I LOVE THE SMELL OF CREAM PIES
IN THE FACE IN THE MORNING.
SMELLS LIKE VICTORY.
- WHO WE GONNA PRANK?
HUH? HUH?
- HMM.
PERFECT.
- WHAT A IMMATURE CUSTOM.
PRANK DAY.
FEH.
- HELLO, KYLE.
- [shouts]
WHAT DO YOU TWO BOOBS WANT?
- WE WERE JUST HOPING
YOU COULD HELP US OUT
BY PULLING MY FINGER.
- CERTAINLY.
I'LL JUST DO IT FROM OVER HERE.
OH, SMELL, BAD.
[laughter]
- BRAIN FARTS RULE.
- HI, FANBOY.
HEY THERE,
MY WIDDLE CHUMMY WUMMY.
- HEY, YO.
HAPPY PRANK DAY.
- WHAT'S PRANK DAY?
- OH, YO.
ALLOW THE FANMAN TO EDUCATE YOU
IN THE WAYS OF THE WORLD.
SEE, PRANK DAY IS THE DAY
WHEN PEOPLE PLAY PRANKS
ON EACH OTHER.
OBSERVE.
GUM GUM, CHUM CHUM?
- IT TASTES LIKE PURPLE.
- OH, I GET IT.
THANKS, FANBOY.
- NO PROBLEM.
- NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE US--
WHOA!
- YAY!
MY FIRST PRANK.
- BEGINNER'S LUCK, YO.
- HERE, FANBOY.
LET ME HELP YOU UP.
- OH, WHY--
[screaming]
- OOH, GOT ME AGAIN.
YOU'RE A FAST LEARNER.
- YOU LOOK LIKE YOU COULD USE
SOME WATER.
- OH, THAT WOULD BE--
PIRANHA!
[screaming]
YOU GOT QUITE A STREAK GOIN',
YO.
- AND I OWE IT ALL TO YOU.
HERE.
I WANT YOU TO HAVE THIS PRESENT.
- OOH, I LIKE PRES--
[screaming]
- THANKS AGAIN, FANBOY.
- OH, HEY, DON'T MENTION IT.
WATCH THE FACE.
THERE SHE IS.
TIME TO TEACH HER
WHO'S THE PRANK MASTER.
YOU GOT THE ITCHING POWDER?
[both snickering]
- WHA!
- A MEGA-WEDGIE.
PRETTY GOOD PRANK, EH, FANBOY?
- NOT BAD.
- I LOVE PRANK DAY.
OH, CHECK OUT
THE STICKERS I MADE.
IN YO FACE.
- VERY CREATIVE.
- OH, AND SORRY ABOUT
YOUR ITCHY BUTT.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I--OH--ITCHING POWDER.
- ♪ NA NA NA NA NA NA ♪
- [screaming]
- IN YO FACE.
♪ NA NA NA NA NA NA ♪
IN YO FACE.
[laughter]
[knocking at door]
- [screaming]
- IN YO FACE.
- FANBOY?
IN YO FACE.
- OH, COME ON, BUDDY.
YOU'VE HAD A ROUGH DAY.
LET'S GO GET YOU
A FROSTY FREEZY FREEZE.
- THERE'S GOT TO BE A WAY
TO OUT-PRANK YO.
WE JUST HAVEN'T
FIGURED IT OUT YET.
- SHH.
- MMM?
UH, LENNY?
- HUH?
AW, MAN.
I WAS DREAMING I WAS NAPPING.
- UH, TWO FROSTY FREEZY FREEZES,
PLEASE.
- WHATEVER.
HERE'S YOUR...
[trumpet theme]
CHANGE?
[pig oinking]
[screaming]
I'LL GET YOU FOR THIS.
- HA.
THE PRANK MASTER STRIKES AGAIN.
NAILED IT.
ORIGINAL PRANKSTER NUMBER ONE.
WHO DA MAN?
I DA MAN.
WITH A CAPITAL "D-A" "DA".
- WHOA.
BOOG, HOW DID YOU--
- WHEN IT COMES TO PRANKING,
I WROTE THE BOOK.
REALLY, I DID.
BOOG'S THE PRANK MASTER.
HE CAN HELP US.
- NEVER TOUCH THE FACE.
- WE'RE DESPERATE.
WE NEED YOUR HELP
TO PRANK SOMEONE.
- WHO?
- [gasps]
HER.
- THE LITTLE GIRL?
- MEOW, MEOW.
- SHE'S A VIPER.
- OH, GOODY.
IT'S MY BROTHERS-IN-PRANK,
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM.
[giggling]
DOESN'T PRANK DAY MAKE YOU
THINK WARM, FUZZY THOUGHTS
LIKE PUPPIES AND RAINBOWS
AND CHUM CHUM?
ME TOO.
- STAY AWAY.
SEE WHAT I MEAN?
VICIOUS.
- I AIN'T EVEN GONNA WASTE
MY TIME WITH HER.
NOW GET OUT OF MY FACE AND GO
BOTHER SOMEONE LESS AWESOME.
- SURE, BOOG.
WE GET IT.
COME ON, CHUM CHUM.
BOOG'S SCARED HE DOESN'T HAVE
A PRANK FOR US
THAT'S GOOD ENOUGH TO FOOL YO.
THEN HE WON'T BE PRANK MASTER.
- PFFFT.
RIGHT, WHAT, NOW I'M SUPPOSED
TO SAY,
"I'LL SHOW YOU.
I'LL HELP YOU PRANK YO"?
LIKE I'M GONNA FALL FOR--
OKAY, WELL, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
WHEN YOU'RE DONE WITH HER,
SHE WON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT PRANKED HER, RIGHT.
♪ NA NA NA NA NA ♪
OH, YEAH.
PRANK NUMBER 3149 WITH
THE OPTIONAL GRUNFELD REVERSE.
CH-KA.
IT'S FOOLPROOF.
LEARN IT, LIVE IT.
LEARN IT.
- GOT IT.
- GOOD.
NOW GET OUT THERE AND GO
PRANK ONE FOR THE BOOGER.
- WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA-WHA!
- AH, SHE'S GOT EGGS!
OW.
[splatting]
- YEESH.
TALK ABOUT GETTING EGG
ON YOUR FACE.
- WASN'T THAT JUST THE FUNNEST?
OOPS, ALMOST FORGOT.
IN YO FACE.
AND SINCE IT WAS YOUR IDEA,
IN YO FACE TOO.
- OH, I GUESS YO
IS THE PRANK MASTER, HUH, BOOG?
BOOG?
- GENTLEMEN, THAT ALLEGED LITTLE
GIRL HAS DRAWN FIRST BLOOD.
SO WHAT ARE YOU PREPARED
TO DO ABOUT IT?
- MOVE TO SWAZILAND.
- GIVE ME FIVE MINUTES TO PACK.
- NO.
WE'RE GONNA PRANK BACK
AND PRANK BACK HARD.
JUST LOOK AT HER,
SMUGLY GLOATING ON HER VICTORY.
IT'S ON, JUNIOR PRANKSTERS.
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER.
- MOLD OUR EAGER MINDS
INTO A FINE PASTE, OH, WISE ONE.
- THE KEY TO A GOOD PRANK IS
KNOWING YOUR VICTIM'S WEAKNESS.
- HMM.
- SHE LIKES PLAYING
WITH GADGETS.
HER BEST FRIEND
IS A PINECONE NAMED INGRID,
AND SHE WOULD BELIEVE ANYTHING
IF SHE THOUGHT
SHE COULD GET HER HANDS
ON CHUM CHUM.
- WHAT?
DO I HAVE A DANGLER?
- NO.
THOSE MAKE YOU LOOK STUCK UP.
- OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I WON'T DO IT.
YOU GUYS CAN PRANK YO
WITHOUT ME.
- BUT CHUMALITO,
YOU HEARD WHAT BOOG SAID.
WE'RE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER.
- HEY, WHAT'S WRONG
WITH THIS KID?
HE'S MAKING ME LOOK BAD.
- UGH, I DON'T KNOW, BOOG.
SOMETIMES I WISH YO
WOULD JUST TAKE HIM.
LET'S GO.
- WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
- THEY WANTED TO USE ME AS BAIT
SO THEY COULD PRANK YOU.
ME, BAIT.
- THOSE MONSTERS, TRYING TO MAKE
YOU LOOK SILLY LIKE THAT.
NOW YOU COME HOME WITH ME,
AND WE'LL GET YOU INTO
A NICE WARM SUNDRESS.
- YO?
- YES, MY PERFECT
TINY SNUGGLE FACE?
- WOULD YOU TAKE A STEP
TO YOUR RIGHT?
- SURE, CHUM CHUM.
HOW COME?
- NO REASON.
NOW!
- HUZZAH!
- LA-LA-LA!
- OH, YEAH!
[screaming]
splat!
- MY WHOLE PRANKING CAREER
DOWN IN FLAMES.
I AIN'T NEVER BEEN
SO HUMILIATED.
- YOU DIDN'T REALLY THINK
I WAS GONNA FALL
FOR YOUR PLAY-ACTING, DID YOU?
- THAT WAS KIND OF THE IDEA.
[giggling]
YOU'D NEVER TURN YOUR BACK
ON CHUM CHUM LIKE THAT.
BUT SINCE YOU DID SAY YOU WANTED
ME TO TAKE HIM,
DON'T MIND IF I DO.
OH, CHUM CHUM.
splat!
- CHUM CHUM, YOU DID IT.
YOU PRANKED YO.
YA SEE, YO, THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU GO UP AGAINST
REAL PRANK MASTERS.
- OH, YEAH.
- IN  YO FACE, BABY.
[laughs]
HOW YOU LIKE US NOW, HUH?
HOW YOU LIKE US NOW?
all: HOW YOU LIKE US NOW?
YEAH, HOW YOU LIKE US NOW, HUH?
- YOU PRANKED ME.
YOU REALLY PRANKED ME.
SWEET!
GREAT PRANK, GUYS.
I CAN HARDLY WAIT
TILL NEXT YEAR.
BYE.
- THAT GIRL IS ICE COLD.
SHE EVEN TAKES THE FUN
OUT OF GLOATING.
I HAD NO IDEA YOU WERE WEARING
THE EXPLODING UNDERPANTS
I GOT YOU LAST PRANK DAY.
- I'M NOT.
- AH.
OH.
- ♪ NA NA NA NA NA NA ♪
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- [excited monkey noises]
MONKEY WANT PIZZA.
- ME WANT PIZZA ALSO.
[monkey shrieks]
- HEY, KYLE, IT'S PIZZA DAY.
COME PLAY PIZZA MONKEYS WITH US.
- YOU TWO ARE PIZZA MONKEYS?
WHAT DO YOU DO?
THROW YOUR POOPERONI?
[laughter]
- POOPERONI.
- [sighs]
I'M WITTY DAY AFTER DAY,
AND THIS IS WHAT THEY LAUGH AT?
- I--I DON'T THINK IT'S ON.
IT'S--I--
OH, I HEAR MYSELF.
ATTENTION STUDENTS.
AFTER 68 YEARS OF LOYAL SERVICE,
LUNCH LADY MILDRED HAS RETIRED
TO HER BEACHFRONT MANSION
IN THE SOUTH OF FRANCE.
WE'LL ALL MISS
HER BURNT FISH STICKS
AND, OF COURSE,
HER UNCONTROLLABLE TEMPER.
- I'LL THINK OF HER EVERY TIME
A STOVE'S THROWN OUT A WINDOW.
- IT'S TIME FOR A FRESH SPIRIT
IN THE KITCHEN.
AND HERE SHE IS NOW,
FROM PARTS UNKNOWN,
OUR NEW LUNCH LADY, MRS. CRAM.
[marching band sounds]
♪ ♪
- [grunts]
DO YOU ALL LIKE PIZZA?
all: YEAH!
- THAT'S 'CAUSE
YOU HAVEN'T HAD MINE.
all: AW.
- I WANT THE STOVE THROWER BACK.
splat!
- THAT IS NOT PIZZA.
- PIZZA MONKEY NO LIKE.
[monkey howl]
- THIS GLOP'S WHATEVER
I SAY IT IS.
TODAY IT'S PIZZA.
TOMORROW IT'S MEATLOAF.
- MY TUMMY'S SCARED.
- OH, DON'T BE SUCH A BABY.
JUST 'CAUSE YOU DON'T LIKE IT
DOESN'T MEAN THE NEXT GUY WON'T.
splat!
- [sobbing]
I CAN'T EAT THAT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T REALLY NEED LUNCH TODAY.
COME ON, CHUM CHUM.
I HAVE A TUBE OF LIP BALM
WE CAN SPLIT.
- [sniffing]
MMM, MEDICATED.
- SO WE'LL JUST DISPOSE
OF THESE.
- HUH?
- HEY, WHERE'S THE TRASH CAN?
- I THREW IT IN THE TRASH CAN.
- IS THAT POSSIBLE?
- THERE'S NO MORE THROWING FOOD
OUT AROUND HERE!
UNDERSTAND?
- I UNDERSTAND PERFECTLY.
SO IF YOU COULD JUST RETURN THIS
TO THE MURKY SWAMP
FROM WHENCE IT CAME--
CHUM CHUM, I THINK LUNCHTIME
HAS DRAWN TO A CLOSE.
SHALL WE TAKE AN EARLY RECESS?
[both panting]
- [growling]
[door slams]
- OW.
MY BREATHING HOLES.
- NO ONE LEAVES THIS CAFETERIA
UNTIL THEY'VE CLEANED
THEIR PLATES.
- [groaning]
- [shocked gasp]
- HOW DOES SHE EXPECT US
TO EAT THIS?
IT'S BURNING MY EYES
JUST TO LOOK AT IT.
- YOU PUBLIC SCHOOL STUDENTS
ARE SO SOFT.
WHY, AT MILKWEED ACADEMY,
I WAS ONCE FORCED TO CONSUME
A BEAVER STOMACH TARTARE
IN A SWAMP BILGE RAGOUT.
THIS'LL BE LIKE A SPOONFUL
OF TURKISH DELIGHT.
OH, MY, I'M GOING TO BE UNWELL.
- I HEAR IT COMING UP,
BUT I DON'T SEE IT GOING DOWN.
START SLURPING!
IT'LL MAKE YOU BIG AND STRONG.
crash!
- MAYBE IF WE WASH
IT DOWN WITH MILK?
- UH-UH.
THE MILK ONLY MAKES IT ANGRIER.
- [roaring]
- FORGET THE MILK.
WHAT WE NEED IS THE CARTON.
WATCH AND LEARN.
VIOLA.
THAT IS ALL WE HAVE TO DO.
WELL, WE'RE ALL DONE.
REALLY ENJOYED ALL OF IT:
THE SCOOPING IT UP,
THE CHEWING, THE SWALLOWING.
MMM-MMM.
- WHY'S YOUR MILK CARTON
VIBRATING?
- UM, IT'S A MILKSHAKE.
- OPEN IT!
- [nervous groan]
[explosion]
- MAYBE WE SHOULDN'T HAVE
STUFFED IT ALL IN ONE CARTONS.
[glop splattering]
- WELL, THE REST OF YOU CAN
SIT HERE AND GAWK AT YOUR GOOP.
BUT I HAVE IN MY POSSESSION
AVERY LARGE COMPENDIUM
OF SPELLS AND CHARMS.
NECRONOMICON, I NEED YOUR HELP
MAKING SOMETHING DISAPPEAR.
- OOH.
- THANKS EVER SO
FOR THE NUMMY-NUMMIES.
NOW I'M OFF TO DO SOME
LIGHT READING WHILST I DIGEST.
- GIVE ME THAT!
DOESN'T FEEL LIGHT TO ME.
- OH, NO.
DON'T SHAKE ME.
NO, NO!
- CAREFUL.
THAT'S A VERY DELICATE VOLUME.
- OH, DEAR.
I THINK I'M GOING TO--
[retching noises]
OH.
IT FEELS AS THOUGH I'M EMPTIED
MY ENTIRE TABLE OF CONTENTS.
- SOMEONE NEEDS TO GO STAND UP
TO THAT WOMAN.
- [clears throat]
- DON'T LOOK AT ME.
SHE SCARES ME.
LOOK, I'M SURE SHE'S
A REASONABLE LADY.
WE JUST GOT TO BRING HER
TO THE BARGAINING TABLE.
- [humming]
- KNITTING A SWEATER
FOR THE GRANDKID?
- IT'S FOR MY CAT.
SHE'S 55 POUNDS OF LOVE.
SO DID YOU FINISH YOUR GLOP?
IT'LL MAKE YOU BIG AND STRONG.
- THAT'S WHAT I WANTED
TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT, MRS. CRAM.
MAY I CALL YOU CRAMELA?
CRAMALAMA-DING-DONG?
OKAY, NOT BUDGING ON THE NAME.
I'LL CUT TO THE CHEESE.
WE'D LIKE TO GO,
YOU'D LIKE US TO STAY HERE
TILL OUR BONES CRUMBLE TO DUST.
I THINK THERE'S A MIDDLE GROUND.
SO I'M GONNA WRITE A NUMBER
FOR HOW MANY MINUTES
I THINK WE SHOULD STAY.
DOES THAT SOUND LIKE SOMETHING
YOU'D BE INTERESTED IN?
- THIS ISN'T A NUMBER.
IT'S A "W."
- YOU DRIVE A HARD BARGAIN.
OKAY, TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL CUT MY OFFER IN HALF
FROM A "W" TO JUST A "U."
- THAT'S A "V."
- LOOK, IF YOU'RE NOT EVEN GONNA
NEGOTIATE--
GOOD NEWS.
WE STRUCK A DEAL.
WE DON'T HAVE TO EAT EVERYTHING.
all: YAY!
- YAY!
- JUST THE FOOD.
[all groan]
- YAY!
- YOU HAVE TO PLAY
THE HARDBALLS WITH HER.
- IT'S HOPELESS.
SHE'S NEVER GOING
TO OPEN THOSE DOORS.
WE'RE LIKE A KITTEN
STUCK IN A TREE.
- HMM.
KYLE, YOU JUST GAVE ME AN IDEA.
I KNOW HOW TO GET
THOSE DOORS OPEN.
BUT IT'S GONNA TAKE A LOT GUTS,
AND A WHOLE LOT OF GLOP.
- WELL, WE'VE GOT THE GLOP.
OR IS THIS THE GUTS?
splat!
- OH, SOMEONE DO HELP.
THERE'S AN ADORABLE KITTEN
STUCK IN THE TREE.
- A KITTY STUCK?
WHERE?
- HERE.
ON THE PROSCENIUM.
[whispers]
CURTAIN.
- MEOW.
- [gasps]
A POOR, SCARED KITTY.
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING!
- I WILL CALL FOR HELP
ON MY CELL PHONE.
IT IS A REAL CELL PHONE
AND NOT MADE OF GOOP.
HELLO, FIREMENS?
IT IS A CAT.
HE'S STUCK.
AND HE IS REAL.
- [gasps]
[siren wailing]
- HAVE NO FEAR, LUNCH MADAME.
WE'LL SAVE THE CAT.
HERE, KITTY, KITTY.
NICE KITTY.
- [angry hissing]
- OW, STOP IT, YOU CRAZY CAT!
[screaming]
- [angry growl]
- OH, COME ON, YOU LOVE BEING
CARRIED LIKE THIS.
- OH, BLESS YOU.
YOU SAVED THAT ADORABLE LITTLE--
WOW, I THOUGHT MY CAT WAS LARGE.
- IT'S GLANDULAR.
- [nervous giggle]
WELL, WE'D BETTER GET HIM
TO A CAT DOCTOR FOR OBSERVATION.
- WHAT FOR?
- BECAUSE HE'S CLEARLY SUFFERING
FROM POST TREE-MATIC STRESS.
- HMM.
- SO CAN YOU OPEN THE DOOR
SO WE CAN LEAVE RIGHT AWAY?
- OF COURSE.
ANYTHING TO HELP
A BIG ROUND KITTY.
all: [joyful gasping]
- OH, NO.
- YEAH!
- SOMETHING'S BURNING.
MY GLOP'S ON FIRE!
- MAN YOUR STATIONS.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
GIVE ME FULL PRESSURE
ON THE MAIN PUMP.
- FANBOY, WAIT.
WE'RE NOT REAL--
- [laughing]
TAKE THAT, FIRE!
UH-OH.
- YOU LITTLE SNEAKS.
YOU AREN'T REAL FIREMEN.
- AND YET I PUT OUT A FIRE.
KIND OF MAKES YOU
STOP QUESTIONING
WHAT'S REAL AND WHAT ISN'T, HUH?
- NO, IT DOESN'T!
- NOT EVEN A LITTLE?
- QUIET, TUBBY KITTY,
OR I'LL LOCK YOU
IN YOUR LITTER BOX.
- [meows sadly]
- NOW LISTEN UP, ALL OF YOU.
NO ONE'S LEAVING UNTIL THIS
PLACE IS LICKED CLEAN.
AND DON'T WORRY ABOUT SOAP.
I PUT SOME IN THE GLOP
WHEN I RAN OUT OF PAPRIKA.
NOW GET TO LICKIN'!
- IT'S NOT HALF BAD, ACTUALLY.
[both sigh]
- SHE REALLY KNOWS HOW TO TAKE
THE FUN OUT OF LICKING FLOORS.
[disgusted groans]
[stomach roaring]
WHOA.
HELLO?
- WHOA.
- OH, NO.
- WOW.
- AYE.
- WHOA!
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO US?
- YOU'RE GROWING,
JUST LIKE I SAID.
AW, NOBODY LISTENS ANYMORE.
- WE'RE BIG.
AWESOME.
HEY, DIDN'T SHE ALSO SAY
"STRONG?"
[crashing]
- YAY!
- OH, YEAH!
- THANKS FOR THE LUNCH,
CRAMALAMA-DING-DONG.
- SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- HEY, HOW AM I GONNA PATCH UP
THIS WALL?
UGH, I GUESS I'LL MAKE
SOME MORE GLOP.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
[melodic whistling]
- WHOA!
[quirky electronic music]
♪ ♪
[melodic whistling]